hi guys I'm Robert mauy I am GP of La
fund so we invest into graduate students
at UCLA and in the West LA region and we
help build community around the Venture
ecosystem up there uh check us out at
Los angeles. org and Robert going up the
coast uh in your re up in La uh how does
I know you're very involved in UCLA and
you fund entrepreneurs that come out of
UCLA students from UCLA but how is our
schools like UCLA and the USC's uh how
are they supporting The Innovation
economy whether the through the tech
transfer office or or otherwise many
have a lot of programs on campus Chief
among them usually an accelerator
program um on UCLA's campus Black Rock
has a Launchpad and you have essentially
community and infinity groups that are
doubling down on most of the time where
they went to school so Larry thinkink
went to UCLA and the programs that are
active on campus usually have some sort
of touch point with an alumni and on the
Venture side I'm finding that it's
really the Affinity groups that are
wanting to invest back into LA because
they can see the impact and in this
interest rate environment where people
are wanting a multiple on treasuries if
it doesn't have some sort of impact
element to it given how few of these
Venture funds that are actually doing
exactly that then there's a real problem
so the universities leading with these
corporate Partnerships that are driving
a lot of the resources has been been a
real Boon for these students um the
accelerator programs will pair them with
mentors that you can't buy these
people's time so that's been a real
accelerant for some of the people that
I've seen do a lot with the resources
that are made available to
them and and Robert what role are the
VCS and the angel investors playing
currently in continuing to build this
Innovation economy and and obviously
fund this Innovation economy trying to
deth thought essentially the
Capital freeze that's out there and a
lot of that continues to persist so I
really feel like my role at least in Los
Angeles ecosystem is connecting the
ready sources of capital that are
straight down the line looking for
something with the deals that are doing
exactly that and when you're building a
company you don't have the perspective
to know who to approach or really the
time for that matter so I love how the
university resources is really doing
even a better job than the venture
capitalist at bringing these people
together and so I'm really encouraged to
see how the university either
accelerators or these launch pads are
providing the nexuses where there's
events where people can connect and not
having to have a go through a go between
like myself and I think that's the
future is like providing some sort of
place where people that are building in
ecosystems are connecting with funders
and it all organically can close you
know in real time